adesh
into the woods into the woods I loved it
I loved it I knew that you were going to
yeah okay the painting on it the
pastiche and them and the you know the
metaphor isn't for me I was like enough
when are we gonna stop why do we have
movies right for actors in situations
interacting with real objects but when
it becomes so computerized for me it
loses that texture of authenticity and I
disengaged I go okay well great what I
pay for see I love the CGI the comment
landing Oh finally see I'm anti comment
I have always been anti comment from a
very young age I saw your father that's
your father's voice I don't put it on a
comment there you know that's your dad's
voice yeah my hero
yeah my father is my hero wheat pens
sure absolutely yes yes for me is
Wheaton's I relate to that kind of like
sitting on a park bench and kind of I
love the time this I don't know how
crisp they are yeah I don't know it's we
things are very Middle America from
either kids getting the caricature
Instagram I think maybe that's why I
respond to it so deeply it's very light
and I like scrolling exactly I like the
way that punctuates my day am I at the
office am I at home you know in kind of
Bray I can sort of literally scroll and
see I have your 10 minute 10 bits
tendinitis no carpal tunnel I have hired
Corp I forget I've come I know
it's not coming out I'm really I'm
really sorry
thank you you can't use it because for
me I think about people I've gotten to
see from it and noticing me and yeah
just the likes and then anticipating
them and worried see sometimes why isn't
why didn't it pop why don't why isn't it
hit another time I knew you knew why
yeah so I just wish as my friend I wish
that you could do that and I won't
apologize for wanting that for a friend
no Penguins of Madagascar okay you can
tell them with it why are you in
receptive to joy
spit it out I think because you can't
have children you know anyone else -
okay I think you cuz we know kids in
that movie I do that upsets you eggs we
can stop